Luke David Bryant

lukedbryant1982@gmail.com / +385 996446891 / in/lukedbryant


SUMMARY

In my most recent role, I have providing Technical Support and Customer Success services to an up and coming Software CDE Company. I was
tasked with onboarding new clients, ensuring smooth installation, handling technical support and ensuring that the product met their full
expectations. We provide an inovative product that is cabable of boosting the productivity of software development teams worldwide.
As the Support Engineer, I am tasked with client communication, issue tracking, investigation and assisting the development team with the
resolution process.
Using my previous experiences in the HR, Justice, Healthcare, and IT sector as Customer Support Manager - I have been able to draw upon
various skills that allow me to assist my team, clients and colleagues in the most efficient way possible.


EXPERIENCE

Support Engineer
Daytona January 2024 - January 2025, Croatia · Remote
• Daytona is the enterprisegrade GitHub Codespaces alternative for managing selfhosted, secure and standardized development environments.
My primary role was to handle technical support requests from users of Daytona, to replicate and confirm issues, prepare documentation and
communicate with the engineering team.
• Additionally I assisted in the client onboarding process - ensuring the client had full access to knowledge and information as needed.
My role also included 'customer success' - ensuring the client had a strong relationship with our team moving forward and handling
additional requirements.


Customer Support Manager
Valcon February 2020 - January 2024, Feb 2020 - Jan 2024 · 4 yrs
We are Valcon. We are there for the special ones; those who disrupt, innovate and believe that Technology is the enabler to create a better
tomorrow.
We transform the IT hurdle into an enabler for success, share our expertise, build upon partnerships, and deliver stateoftheart, scalable and
dynamic software solutions.

• Valcon serves the most innovative companies by providing agile, economical and highlyqualified software development teams as a service.
We help businesses create, update, or improve existing products in response to new opportunities and evolving market demands. Our focus is
to supply solutions to complex problems. Digital transformation services make our partners move faster than the competition, unlocking
business growth, and financial health. Our technical experts adapt to the technological challenges of software development and we deliver
every project fast and with results, no matter the size and complexity.
Our partners operate in all industries from travel and hospitality to the financial sector, insurance, energy, healthcare, and many more. When
you partner with us, you will have the benefit of immediately improving customer satisfaction, driving cost savings, and the ability to scale up
quickly. We believe true partnerships benefit all involved and invest in creating long term relationships to create success together. Our
partnerships are modular, tailormade, and longlasting.
• Reach out for more information.

Support Engineer
Valcon July 2019 - February 2020, Split, Croatia.
Skills: Remote User Support · Google Docs · Slack · Organization Skills · Change Requests · Typing · Technical Writing · Problem Solving · Online
Data Entry · Written Communication · Troubleshooting · Customer Success · Office 365 · Data Entry

DBX Information Technology Specialist
Teleperformance Greece September 2017 - February 2019, Athens, Greece
• IT and Technical Support for specific international online applications.

Customer Service Specialist
Shared Services Connected Ltd July 2016 - September 2017, Maes-glas, Newport, United Kingdom
• Administration for the UK Ministry of Justice.

CSR
Allianz Insurance November 2014 - July 2016, Aztec West, Bristol, UK
• Insurance associate based within Allianz Insurance Plc in the Retail, Corporate Partner Division.
Emergency Medical Dispatcher


South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust June 2013 - November 2014, Almondsbury, Bristol, UK
• Dealing with 999 emergency calls, medical emergency triage and ambulance dispatch.

Job Coach
United Response January 2008 - July 2009, Truro, United Kingdom
• Supporting people with learning difficulties, mental health issues and physical disabilities into employment. Social interaction.

Mental Health Specialist
Cornwall Partnership NHS Foundation Trust April 2005 - April 2009, Bodmin, Cornwall, UK
• Supporting people with mental health issues and learning difficulties through hospital situations and back into regular, everyday life.

Senior Support Worker
BOWDEN DERRA PARK LIMITED September 2005 - January 2008, Launceston, Cornwall, UK
• Supporting young adults with learning and physical disabilities.

CNC Machinist
Bott Ltd. January 2000 - September 2005, Bude, Cornwall, UK
• Setting, operating and maintenance of CNC machinery. Day to day repairs and maintenance.

EDUCATION
Cognitive Science
University of Bristol • Bristol, UK

GCSE
Budehaven Community School • 1998
COURSEWORK
First Aid at Work
Lean Six Sigma White Belt
Theraputic Management of Aggression and Violence

SKILLS
Industry Knowledge:
Change Requests, Written Communication, Customer Success, Typing, Online Data Entry, Data Entry, Technical Writing, Troubleshooting,
Remote User Support, Atlassian, Incident Management, Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Technical Support, Business
Developmen

Additional Knowledge:
First Aid, Customer Satisfaction, Emergency Medical Services (EMS), Customer Service, Coaching

Tools & Technologies:
Google Docs, Office 365, Grafana, Datadog, Microsoft Office, JIRA, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel, Slack, Trello, Microsoft
PowerPoint, GitHub

Interpersonal Skills:
Organization Skills, Management, Team Management, Teamwork, Leadership, Team Leadership, Communication, Problem Solving
